those against again her hand was raised
to veto abstentions the UK abstained but
again it was the vote of the US
ambassador Linda Thomas Greenfield that
blocked a resolution that would have
demanded an immediate ceasefire in Gaza
the Algerian Ambassador had been working
on the draft for 3
weeks we will not stop until this
Council shoulders its responsibilities
in full apart from the US and the UK all
of the other 13 delegations on the
security Council strongly support an
immediate ceasefire the suffering that
Palestinians are enduring is beyond
anything a human being should be
subjected
to the continued passive avoidance of an
immediate ceasefire is nothing different
from giving a green light to continued
Slaughter the human cost and the
humanitarian situation Gaza is
intolerable and isra operation must
stop the US ambassador told reporters
this resolution would have sabotaged
ongoing negotiations in the region on a
ceasefire and a prisoner release even
though the two mediating countries Egypt
and Qatar both support the draft
Ambassador Thomas Greenfield is now
putting forward her own draft resolution
for negotiation we're eager to continue
working with the Council on this
proposal one that would see a temporary
ceas fire as soon as practicable based
on the formula of all hostages being
released and one that would get Aid into
the hands of those Palestinians who so
desperately need it Arab ambassadors say
they'll now consider action in the UN
General Assembly but at the same time
will pursue efforts in the security
Council to get a Ceasar this is the
fourth time the US has blocked Security
Council action on a Ceasar the new draft
resolution appears to show that
Washington's position is perhaps
changing but what's happened here means
a Ceasar isn't going to happen anytime
soon and that means the death toll in
Gaza is going to continue to rise James
Bay Al jazer at the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alaz